
NOTE: The following section is autogenerated by readme_ation, manual updates will be overwritten
## Project:  Working with a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)
### Overview
This project implements a GAN to generate images similar to those in the CIFAR-10 dataset, focusing specifically on ship images.
### Motivation
To explore and understand the workings of GANs for image generation tasks.
### Technologies Used
Python, TensorFlow, NumPy, Matplotlib
### Approach
Implementing a GAN architecture with a generator and discriminator, training on CIFAR-10 ship images, and visualizing results.
### Challenges and Learnings
Balancing generator and discriminator training, handling vanishing gradients, achieving stable training.
### Key Takeaways
Understanding GAN architecture, implementing loss functions, and visualizing generated images over training iterations.
### Acknowledgments
CIFAR-10 dataset creators, TensorFlow and other library developers.
<!-- END OF PROJECT DETAILS -->


NOTE: The following section is autogenerated by readme_ation, manual updates will be overwritten
## Setup Instructions

This will guide you through the process of setting up a Mamba environment and running the provided Python code to see it in action. It uses the last known working versions of Python and packages used.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have [Mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html) installed on your system. Mamba is a fast, cross-platform package manager.

### Steps

### Create a Mamba Environment
   
Execute the following commands:

```sh
mamba create -n [ENVIRONMENT_NAME] python=3.9.19 -y
mamba activate [ENVIRONMENT_NAME]
```

### Install Necessary Packages

```sh
# Install each with mamba and fall back to pip if necessary
python -m pkg_vers install_packages PIL==10.3.0 matplotlib==3.8.4 numpy==1.26.4 pandas==2.2.2 tensorflow
```

### Usage

Ensure you are in your project directory.

Open the project in your IDE of choice.

<!-- END SETUP AND RUN INSTRUCTIONS -->
